0.98.0 Release Notes Draft (#46098)
microsoft/PowerToys: README.md

## Highlights

### Command Palette

- Added Dock — a persistent application launcher bar that lives at the edge of your screen for instant access to pinned commands
- Lightning-fast mode and precomputed fuzzy matching deliver dramatically faster search and launch times. Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- New Performance Monitor extension ports DevHome perf widgets into CmdPal, single-row list items, transparent window, and searchable filter dropdown

### Keyboard Manager

- Upgraded Keyboard Manager Editor to WinUI 3 for a modern and consolidated experience
- Added support for toggling shortcuts from the Editor UI

### Always on Top

- Added "Toggle always on top" to the window system menu and transparency adjustment for pinned windows

### ZoomIt

- Added a video trim dialog for editing recordings and configurable audio track input

### Cursor Wrap

- Redesigned wrapping engine with multi-monitor support, GPO policy, and configurable wrap modes

### New+

- Added ability to hide the Windows built-in "New" context menu to avoid duplicates

### Settings

> - Tray icon now follows system theme, singleton shortcut conflict window, and multiple crash fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The PowerToys Tray icon now respects the system theme.
- Overall stability improvements.
```

Most readers won't know what singletons are, so that should be removed. "Stability improvements" sounds better than "crash fixes".

### Build

- Added Visual Studio 2026 support, upgraded WASDK to 1.8.5, and CppWinRT to 2.0.250303.1

---

## Advanced Paste

> - Fixed a crash on the Advanced Paste settings page caused by null property values in [#45207](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45207)

Reviewer 2: Remove this and following 2, these should be included in the hot fix

- Fixed a crash on the Advanced Paste settings page caused by unsafe settings upgrade logic in [#44862](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44862)
- Fixed a settings page crash by resolving the Foundry Local AI endpoint when it changes in [#45699](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45699)

> - Added resilient handling of Foundry Local port changes at runtime so AI paste actions recover automatically in [#45362](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45362)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved reliability of AI paste actions when the Foundry Local AI endpoint port changes in [#45362](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45362)
```

Make the user benefit upfront and use consistent nomenclature for the Foundry Local AI service endpoint.

- Added auto-copy selection for custom action hotkeys so users can copy and paste with a single shortcut in [#44767](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44767)

> - Updated OOBE description to clarify AI features now support more than just OpenAI API keys in [#45233](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45233)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated OOBE description to clarify that AI features support providers other than just OpenAI in [#45233](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45233)
```

- Added AI preview credit documentation in [#45236](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45236)

## Always On Top

- Added a "Toggle always on top" entry to the window system menu (title bar right-click) for easy access without hotkeys in [#45773](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45773)
- Added transparency adjustment support for pinned windows using modifier keys + plus/minus shortcuts in [#44815](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44815). Thanks [@Copilot](https://github.com/Copilot)!

> - Fixed settings changes not taking effect immediately due to a concurrency bug in [#45994](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45994)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where Always on Top settings changes were not applied immediately in [#45994](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45994)
```

- Improved loading of application icons (UWP and jumbo icons) in [#44938](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44938) and [#44973](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44973). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Added icon caching for faster repeated icon loading in [#44538](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44538). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Icon loading improvements and fixes in [#45460](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45460). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Batched ViewModel property change notifications for better responsiveness in [#44545](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44545). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Debounced SelectedItem updates in CommandBarViewModel in [#45782](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45782). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Resilient loading of extensions to prevent one bad extension from blocking others in [#45720](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45720). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!

> - Removed deadlock potential from AppListItem in [#45076](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45076). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!

Reviewer 2: Remove

- Added transparent window support in [#45159](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45159). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Replaced FiltersDropDown ComboBox with a searchable dropdown in [#45747](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45747). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Added list item context menu for quick actions on results in [#45086](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45086). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Added context commands for pinning nested commands in [#45673](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45673)
- Load pinned command items from anywhere in the command tree in [#45566](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45566)
- Added "Keep previous query" setting to preserve search text across invocations in [#45742](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45742). Thanks [@Copilot](https://github.com/Copilot)!
- Added ability to refresh list page while preserving selection in [#45882](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45882). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!

> - Renamed "Results" section on Home page to "Commands" in [#45870](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45870). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
In-version update

- Fixed selection desync when clearing search query in [#45949](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45949). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Fixed details pane not hiding when item initialization fails in [#44757](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44757)
- Fixed window centering when moving to a display with different DPI in [#45057](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45057). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Prevented main window from stealing focus in [#45309](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45309). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Fixed window restore when the window is not WS_EX_TOOLWINDOW in [#45877](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45877). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Improved main window positioning behavior in [#45585](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45585). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Fixed null check before caching view model for item in [#45815](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45815). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!

> ### Extensions & SDK

Reviewer: Suggested (a couple of unfinished summary items here):

### Extensions

- Added a new Performance Monitor extension that brings DevHome performance widgets into Command Palette in [#45217](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45217).
- Added an option to hide non-application results from search in [#45741](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45741). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Improved the reliability of several extensions including Calculator, All Apps, and RDP... (to finish)
- Added Mouse Without Borders easy mouse support to the PowerToys extension in [#45350](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45350).
- Fixed an issue in Window Walker when enumerating UWP applications in [#45601](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45601). Thanks [@daverayment](https://github.com/daverayment)!
- Improved localization and accessibility across multiple extensions... (to finish)

- Updated extension template project to 0.9 in [#46010](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/46010)
- Localized clipboard history metadata strings in [#45506](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45506). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Localized "More" button on command bar and hotkeys in [#45505](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45505). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Added AutomationProperties.Name to Extensions page "More" button in [#45516](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45516)
- Localized additional UI strings in Registry and Services commands in [#45508](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45508). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Localized missing resources related to ShortcutControl in [#45589](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45589). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Fixed alias UI clearing when toggling Direct/Indirect combobox in [#45381](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45381). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!

> - Fixed context menu command items in [#45499](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45499)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new Performance Monitor extension that brings DevHome performance widgets into Command Palette in [#45217](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45217).
- Added an option to hide non-application results from search in [#45741](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45741). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Improved the reliability of several extensions including Calculator, All Apps, and RDP in [#44594](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44594), [#45804](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45804), [#45716](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45716), and [#45740](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45740). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek) and [@michaeljolley](https://github.com/michaeljolley)!
- Added Mouse Without Borders easy mouse support to the PowerToys extension in [#45350](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45350).
- Fixed Window Walker issues when enumerating UWP apps in [#45601](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45601). Thanks [@daverayment](https://github.com/daverayment)!
- Improved localization and accessibility across extensions in [#45505](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45505), [#45506](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45506), [#45508](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45508), and [#45589](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45589). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
```

- Removed dead code from Window Walker and cleanup in [#45570](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45570). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Removed Core projects in [#45693](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45693). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Added IDs to all PowerToys commands in [#45840](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45840)
- Prevented unsynchronized access to "More commands" in [#46020](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/46020). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Fixed search box visibility before bailing out in [#46021](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/46021). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Prevented item template selectors from modifying containers in [#45498](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45498). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Safely iterated package metadata tags to prevent exceptions in [#45502](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45502). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!

> - Moved TextToSuggest property update back to UI thread in [#45878](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45878). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

In-version regression

- Added PerformanceMonitor to solution filter in [#45738](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45738). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Added solution filter for PowerToys extension projects in [#45096](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45096). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Added trailing backslash to OutDir in Terminal UI project file in [#45250](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45250). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Upgraded MarkdownTextBlock to newer version in [#44793](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44793)
- Used latest MSIX for extension installation in [#44886](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44886)
- Updated README to note PowerToys extension requires Windows 11 in [#44863](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44863)
- Added extension development documentation links in [#45632](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45632)
- Added PowerToys extension development dev guide in [#45967](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45967)

> - Refactored PerformanceMonitor GPU stats to use batch counter reads in [#45835](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45835). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced a global error-handling foundation for Command Palette, including an error report builder and PII sanitizer, with improvements to version reporting and sanitizer behavior in [#44140](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44140), [#45374](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45374), and [#45613](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45613). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Improved stability and thread safety across several components, fixing potential race conditions and UI threading issues in [#46020](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/46020), [#46021](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/46021), [#45498](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45498), [#45502](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45502), and [#45878](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45878). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Refactored internal architecture and removed obsolete code to simplify the Command Palette codebase, including factory usage improvements, Window Walker cleanup, and Core project removal in [#45572](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45572), [#45570](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45570), and [#45693](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45693). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek) and [@michaeljolley](https://github.com/michaeljolley)!
- Added unique IDs to all PowerToys commands to allow them to be pinned to Home in [#45840](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45840).
- Improved build reliability and tooling by addressing CsWinRT warnings, WinUI binding issues, and markup extension limitations in [#45827](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45827), [#45324](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45324), [#45830](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45830), and [#45833](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45833). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Improved development workflow and repository configuration, including formatting rules, solution filters, and build configuration fixes in [#45739](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45739), [#45738](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45738), [#45096](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45096), and [#45250](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45250). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Improved extension infrastructure and documentation, including updated installation tooling and new development guides in [#44886](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44886), [#44863](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44863), [#45632](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45632), and [#45967](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45967).
- Improved system command handling by running shutdown and restart actions in a hidden window in [#45062](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45062). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Optimized Performance Monitor GPU statistics collection using batched counter reads in [#45835](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45835). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Updated dependencies and project improvements including MarkdownTextBlock upgrades, SDK spec corrections, and string updates in [#44793](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44793), [#44781](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44781) (Thanks [@RubenFricke](https://github.com/RubenFricke)!), and [#46040](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/46040). 
```

## Cursor Wrap

> - Completely rewritten cursor wrapping engine with enhanced multi-monitor support, display change notifications, GPO policy support, and configurable wrap mode (horizontal, vertical, or both) in [#44936](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44936). Thanks [@mikehall-ms](https://github.com/mikehall-ms)!

Reviewer 2: Remove

## File Explorer

- Restricted URI scheme navigation in MarkdownPreviewHandler to http/https only to prevent unsafe navigation in [#45801](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45801)

## Image Resizer

- Temporarily disabled AI Super Resolution feature in [#44768](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44768)
- Refactored codebase to disable AI feature and cache functionality in [#44759](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44759)

## Keyboard Manager

- Added a toggle hotkey (Win+Shift+K) to enable/disable Keyboard Manager on the fly in [#42472](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/42472). Thanks [@Copilot](https://github.com/Copilot) and [@weikequ](https://github.com/weikequ)!
- Updated Keyboard Manager to a modern WinUI3 interface with toggle support in [#45649](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45649). Thanks [@chenmy77](https://github.com/chenmy77) and [@Jay-o-Way](https://github.com/Jay-o-Way)!
- Added Keyboard Manager to the shortcut list on the Dashboard page in [#45938](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45938)

> - Updated replace text functionality in [#46046](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/46046)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a hotkey (Win + Shift + K) to enable or disable Keyboard Manager on the fly in [#42472](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/42472). Thanks [@weikequ](https://github.com/weikequ)!
- Updated Keyboard Manager to a modern WinUI3 interface with the ability to enable or disable individual mappings in [#45649](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45649). Thanks [@chenmy77](https://github.com/chenmy77) and [@Jay-o-Way](https://github.com/Jay-o-Way)!
- Fixed new Keyboard Manager entry not being shown in the Settings shortcut list in [#45938](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45938).
- Improved performance when performing multiple text replacements quickly in [#46046](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/46046).
```

## Light Switch

- Fixed Light Switch being toggleable from the Dashboard and Quick Access even when GPO policies were active in [#45756](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45756)
- Added 10-second timeout and pre-check for location detection to prevent hanging in [#45887](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45887). Thanks [@Copilot](https://github.com/Copilot)!
- Changed rules around max/min values for the sunrise/sunset offset field in [#45125](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45125)

> - Fixed Light Switch startup logic in [#45304](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45304)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed incorrect theme being loaded at startup in [#45304](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45304).
```

- Fixed ampersand typing bug and debug assertion failure in [#43679](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/43679). Thanks [@daverayment](https://github.com/daverayment)!
- Added datetime suffix to screenshot filenames for easier organization in [#43172](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/43172). Thanks [@daverayment](https://github.com/daverayment)!
- Added full hotkey list display in ZoomIt settings in [#43073](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/43073)
- Fixed virtual microphone not closing on recording stop in [#45386](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45386). Thanks [@foxmsft](https://github.com/foxmsft)!

---

## Development

### Build & CI
- Added Visual Studio 2026 support with centralized PlatformToolset v145 in [#44304](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44304). Thanks [@snickler](https://github.com/snickler)!
- Added CoreTargetFramework Property to avoid hard-coding .NET TFM in [#41366](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/41366). Thanks [@snickler](https://github.com/snickler)!
- Upgraded WASDK to 1.8.5 and removed TitleBar workarounds in [#45532](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45532)

> - Upgraded Microsoft.Windows.CppWinRT to 2.0.250303.1 in [#45420](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45420). Thanks [@snickler](https://github.com/snickler)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded dependencies including Windows App SDK and the C++ runtime in [#45532](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45532) and [#45420](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45420). Thanks [@snickler](https://github.com/snickler)!
```

> - Added WinRT coroutine support and refactored async methods in [#45522](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45522). Thanks [@Copilot](https://github.com/Copilot)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved async infrastructure with WinRT coroutine support in [#45522](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45522).
```

- Updated DATA_AND_PRIVACY to reflect current status in [#44844](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44844)
- Added spellcheck words and sorted expect.txt in [#45251](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45251). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!
- Added dev guideline to verify builds before opening PRs in [#45419](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45419)

### Testing
- Fixed libFuzzer failing to resolve target class name in Hosts fuzz tests in [#45784](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45784)
- Added unit tests to protect common utility code and fixed discovered bugs in [#45290](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45290)
- Migrated test infrastructure to newer MSTest framework in [#37651](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/37651). Thanks [@Youssef1313](https://github.com/Youssef1313)!
- Fixed UI tests for Light Switch, Hosts, Workspaces, and Mouse in [#44754](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/44754)

### Localization
- Moved localization build to windows-latest from deprecated 2019 agent in [#45889](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45889)

> - Bundled PowerToys extension localization files into installer in [#45194](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45194)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated localization build dependencies and bundled extension localization files into installer in [#45889](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45889) and [#45194](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45194).
```

### UI Framework

> - Created Common.UI.Controls library to consolidate shared WinUI controls in [#45542](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45542). Thanks [@jiripolasek](https://github.com/jiripolasek)!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Created Common.UI.Controls library to consolidate shared WinUI controls in [#45542](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45542).
```

Not me, blame Niels ;)

- Added WinMD cache generator script for API search skill in [#45606](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45606). Thanks [@Copilot](https://github.com/Copilot)!
- Updated setup-dev-environment.ps1 to capture prereleases from vswhere in [#45813](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45813). Thanks [@SeanKilleen](https://github.com/SeanKilleen)!

### GitHub Workflow
- Updated Assets conflict script to improve error message clarity in [#45551](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45551)
- Updated release note generation skill to quote co-authors in [#45819](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45819)
- Enhanced bug report template with file upload option in [#46015](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/46015). Thanks [@noraa-junker](https://github.com/noraa-junker)!

### Other
- Properly localized "View on GitHub" link and release date in What's New OOBE page in [#45847](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45847). Thanks [@PesBandi](https://github.com/PesBandi)!
- Fixed WinUIEx crash issue in [#45443](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/45443)

## 🛣️ Roadmap 

> We are planning some nice new features and improvements for the next releases – PowerDisplay, Command Palette improvements and a brand-new Shortcut Guide experience! Stay tuned for [v0.98][github-next-release-work]!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are planning some nice new features and improvements for the next releases – a brand new PowerToy called PowerDisplay, even more Command Palette improvements, and a brand-new Shortcut Guide experience! Stay tuned for [v0.99][github-next-release-work]!
```
